Job Title: CloudOps Engineer- Remote Position 
Company: EverOps 

Job Description 

Cloud Ops Engineer: 

This is a FTE position, where you will work from home, with good benefits (paid time off, health care, 401k match, profit sharing) and lots of opportunity for growth. 

As a CloudOps engineer, you will be joining our US based Virtual Operating Center (your home office), working with a team of engineers (we call it a customer pod) and managing multiple customers AWS production environment. The work is varied and each day can be different. You will be developing and using automation tools to operate, manage and scale production and development environments quickly and simply. You will participate in customer and internal scrums. You will be monitoring the environments and constantly working to improve. You will be implementing new tools and technologies as our customer requirements change. You will be working with architects and pod leaders to architect new solutions or improve current ones. You will also provide operational support and project deployments for our customer environments. 

Here’s just a partial list of some of the technologies we use:​ 

* DevOps - ChatOps, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Salt, Capistrano, Jenkins, Git, Python, Perl, Shell, Ruby, PowerShell, Continuous release, Agile delivery, Terraform 
* Cloud: AWS, Rackspace, Microsoft Azure, and specialized clouds. Boto3, Lambda, Cloudwatch, Disaster recovery, S3, EC2, ELB, 
* Server - Linux & Windows - LDAP, BIND, HDFS, EXT, XFS, Kubernetes, Docker 
* Web Tier - Restitfy, Node.js, Nginx, Apache, Unicorn, Tomcat, SSL 
* Data Tier - Hadoop, Cloudera, Kafka, Redis, Resque, Elasticsearch, MySQL, Cassandra, Mongo, Hive 
* Monitoring & Support - Monit, Splunk, Graphite, Grafana, Pagerduty, Newrelic, Sensu, Zendesk, GoodData, Confluence 
* Network - IPSEC, OpenVPN, Palo Alto Networks, Cisco, Mikrotik, Juniper, Linux-based, Arista, HP, BGP, OSPF, WAN, MPLS, DDOS 

Requirements: 
History of professional success 
Customer service orientation 
Strong team orientation and communication 
Strong desire to learn new technologies 
Understanding of ITIL concepts- particularly change control 
Ability to learn quickly 
Good judgement 
Understanding of high availability architectures 
Must be able to participate in on-call rotation 

Specifics: 

Experience with source control, build management, monitoring, configuration management, log management, scripting/web languages. The ideal candidate has experience in online enterprise and startup environments and is at least mid level to senior in linux with extensive experience in designing, building and running highly available environments in the cloud. If you are not as seasoned but are passionate, and have several years experience in dynamic and challenging environments we are also open to invest in your skills and talents. 

3+ years experience running production environments in AWS 
3+ years with automation tools 
5+ years experience in Linux 
3+ years with ticketing tools and ITIL 
3+ years with scripting (python, bash, etc) 
3+ years with monitoring tools
